Snap package instructions (#2385)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/setup/installing-linux.md

    (Reading database ... 66411 files and directories currently installed.)
    Removing o3de (0.0.0.0) ...
    ```

> ## Installing O3DE for Linux from a Snap package

Reviewer: For consistency:
```suggestion
## Installing O3DE from a Snap package
```

{{< note >}}

> The Snap package is experimental and may run into issues on some distros. This has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04 LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snap package is experimental and may run into issues on some distros. This has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04 LTS.
```

{{< /note >}}

> 1. Download the snap package from the [O3DE download](https://o3de.org/download/#linux) page or the [Snap store](https://snapcraft.io/o3de)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the Snap package from the [O3DE download](https://o3de.org/download/#linux) page or the [Snap store](https://snapcraft.io/o3de)
```

> 1. Depending on disto, you will need to install `snapd` in order to install the snap package. [Refer to this guide for instructions specific to your distro](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Depending on the distro, you will need to install `snapd` in order to install the Snap package. [Refer to this guide for instructions specific to your distro](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd).
```

> 1. If the snap package has been downloaded from the O3DE page, use this command to install the package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you downloaded the Snap package from the O3DE download page, use the following command to install the package:
```

>    ```shell
>    snap install --classic --dangerous <o3de snap package filename>.snap
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ```shell
   snap install --classic --dangerous <o3de snap package filename>.snap
   ```
   The [`--dangerous` ](https://snapcraft.io/docs/install-modes#heading--dangerous)option is not needed if installed from the snap store.
```

Author: This instruction is if the snap package is downloaded form o3debinaries.org, in the event that the snap store approval is not ready by release. It's needed as there will not be any signed hash metadata from the snap store if the package is not published.

Author: That said, will remove this flag if we do get the snap published

   The following output will be displayed if successful:
   ```shell
   o3de <version> installed
   ```

>    Where `<version>` is the version of the installer. Example: `23.05.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Where `<version>` is the version of the installer. Example: `23.05.0`.
```

O3DE will be installed in the default location: `/snap/o3de/x1/<version>`, where `<version>` is the version of the installer. Example: `23.05.0`.

> When installation is complete, you can find **Project Manager** and other tools in `<install-directory>/bin/Linux/profile/Default`. `snapd` will add this to your shell environment's path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installation is complete, you can find **Project Manager** and other tools in `<install-directory>/bin/Linux/profile/Default`. `snapd` will add the `Default` directory to your shell environment's path.
```

Example of launching Project Manager from the shell:
```shell
o3de
```

## Removing O3DE installed from a Snap package

> 1. Run `snap` to remove o3de:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `snap` to remove O3DE:
```
